I'm Kristen Nero at the Food Channel and
I'm speaking with the assistant White
House chef Sam Kass hey Sam how's it
going doing great how are you
fantastic all right how did you land
this job uh well I've been working with
the with the Obama family for a while
and when they got elected I got the
invitation to come with them and tell me
a little bit about chefs move that's
kind of a big thing right now
yeah the first lady launched chef moved
to school with hundreds and hundreds of
chefs on the South Lawn it's a really
exciting initiative she's calling on
chefs to adopt a school I engaged and
build the relationship over a long
period of time so to really elevate
their importance of food and of healthy
eating and chefs have the unique ability
to make food fun and exciting in a way
that really nobody else can and when you
know you put on a chef's jacket kids
kids just feel that energy and that deep
knowledge of food and nutrition can can
help open a kid's mind to try new foods
to eat fruits and vegetables to take a
salad bar and make it a dynamic and
interesting place and so we're really
asking them to get involved and share
all their knowledge and help help us
foster a healthier generation of kids so
when the kids get home from school what
can what can parents do to help out yeah
you know the school is one is half the
battle but but we have to also make sure
that when kids go home they're they're
getting healthy food as well
I think keys are just making sure that
there's healthy snacks available and
around so if there's some some fruit be
a canned or be a fresh fruit out on the
table maybe some nuts or some carrots
carrots and pita butter classic but I
think that's what's really important to
make sure that kids can can have access
to it if we have like a few apples but
they're like in the back of the fridge
behind the lettuce over on the corner
you know kids are gonna get it but if
there's like a bunch of cookies laying
on the kitchen counter they're just
gonna eat those cookies so what we want
to try to do is set kids up for success
and lay those things out where they
really came where they can reach a home
and how did your career begin as a chef
defensively you a that's my mom when I
was like six making her breakfast in bed
moms they see fine that's precious super
positive that but I really started in
earnest when I was at in college cooked
for a summer in Chicago and then when I
finished school overseas I got into a
really good restaurant over there and
they trained me and sort of went from
there so all right and the Food Channel
would like to know something how does
President Obama take his eggs he eats a
minute in a few different ways the
hard-boiled guy all right and one more
house he take a steak you know top
secret information
all right glad it's classified all right
so what's the website first chefs move
if you go to letsmove.gov which is the
first lady's side I run a roll childhood
obesity initiative there's a link that
says chef's move to schools and you can
click on it there's information about
how to get started or place to sign up
for chefs and a place to sign up for
schools and a map where people can
connect and then we go from there
do you guys have a Facebook page or
anything or that is that is uh coming
coming in the works watch for Facebook
yeah all right thank you so much Sam
you